c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\le\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.exe
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\be\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.exe
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\le\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdb
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\be\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdb
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.exe
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdb
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\le\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pe
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\le\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdbx
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\be\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pe
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\be\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdbx
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\obj\Debug\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.exe
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\obj\Debug\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdb
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\obj\Debug\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\obj\Debug\be\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pe
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\obj\Debug\be\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdbx
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\obj\Debug\le\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pe
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\obj\Debug\le\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdbx
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\le\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.exe
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\be\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.exe
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\le\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdb
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\be\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdb
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.exe
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdb
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\le\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pe
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\le\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdbx
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\be\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pe
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\be\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdbx
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\obj\Debug\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\obj\Debug\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.exe
C:\Users\Philippe\Documents\GitHub\EasyDriverStepperMotor\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\Netduino_EasyStepperMot\obj\Debug\Netduino_EasyStepperMot.pdb
